README.md, before:

# MetalCraft
Files for the MetalCraft Pelican Egg Hardcore Minecraft server. A collection of data packs that give hardcore minecraft a bit more progression while still allowing for some revival mechanics

*Compatible with Vanilla Minecraft version 1.21.4*


Contains the following Datapacks


World Gen
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hopo-better-mineshaft
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hopo-better-underwater-ruins
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/tidal-towns
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/explorify
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/vanilla-dungeons-6223921/
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/new-ruined-portals-remastered-structures-1-19-to-1-20-4-datapack/
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/enhanced-woods/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/seasons
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-bunkers
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/strayed-fates-forsaken
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/structory
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/improved-pillager-outpost
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/netherweather
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/blooming-biosphere
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/unwrecked-ships
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/vanilla-fireflies
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/cavernous
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-jungle-villages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-ocean-monument-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-japanese-villages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-desert-temple-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-jungle-temple-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/katters-structures
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-nether-fortress-overhaul
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-woodland-mansion-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftyfied
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/wabi-sabi-structures
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons+
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-ancient-city-overhaul
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-stronghold-overhaul
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hearths
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/better-end-cities-(vanilla)
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/structory-towers
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/scorched
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/vaults-of-abandon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-mangrove-villages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mingen
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/minlog
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/pale-formations
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/moss-ruins
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/structurepack
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/fallen-fungus
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mangrove-tower
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/water-wells-updated
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/lodestone-update-backport
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/deadly-deadly-dungeon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/zombie-horsemen
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/villager-guards

Mechanic Changes
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-better-fire
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-metallurgy
- https://gm4.co/modules/vigere-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/animi-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/vecto-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/iacio-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/audere-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/fulcio-shamir
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/conures-graves
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-rope-ladders
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-enderman-support-class
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/loot-bags
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hardcore-revive-plus
- https://wiki.aurelium.dev/auraskills
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-cozy-campfires
- https://gm4.co/modules/ink-spitting-squid
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/localizedfishingtables
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/waystones-data-pack
- https://gm4.co/modules/potion-swords


Combat
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/better-vanilla-mobs
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/blood-moon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mob-captains
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/shield-parry/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/spellbound-weapons
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/injured-effects
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/more-mobs
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gorify
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/revamped-shipwrecks
- https://gm4.co/modules/mysterious-midnights
- https://gm4.co/modules/midnight-menaces
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/ppgs-weapon-expansion
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/amethyst-expansion-dp
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/adrenaline-rush
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/repurposed-trims
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/lingering-arrows
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/enchantment-1-16/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/enchantable-mace

Movement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/climbable-chains
- https://gm4.co/modules/ziprails
- https://gm4.co/modules/vertical-rails
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/horses-can-float

QOL
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/spawn-animations
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/blazeandcaves-advancements-pack
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-desire-lines
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/smart-seeds
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dynamic-lights
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/custom-day-cycle-length/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/vanilla-refresh
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/librarians-balance
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/timber-strike
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/stackable-stews
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/rarity-tooltips
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/leash-villager
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/silkiest-touch
- https://gm4.co/modules/guidebook
- https://gm4.co/modules/apple-trees
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/immersive-sound
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mine-treasure
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/horse-trumpet
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/villager-transportation
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/potions-description
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/illumination

Recipe Changes
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/craftable-totem-of-undying
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/cheaper-maps
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/craftable-nether-star
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/just-atlas
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/saddle-crafting-backport
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/chain-armor-recipe
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gp-copper
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/copper-shields
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/horse-armor-smithing
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/craft-horse-armor

Base Building
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/racks
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/magic-sorting-system-reworked-1.20
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/better-furnace
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/replantment/
- https://gm4.co/modules/enchantment-extractors
- https://gm4.co/modules/block-compressors
- https://gm4.co/modules/xp-storage
- https://gm4.co/modules/book-binders
- https://gm4.co/modules/phantom-scarecrows
- https://gm4.co/modules/forming-press
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/haul-data-pack

Server
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/tick-manager
- https://modrinth.com/plugin/chunky
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/pause-day-cycle
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/fokusapi

Social
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/totemdeathmessagesbon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/detect-afk
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/afk-sleep
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/afk-dim-names
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/afk-message
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dimension-messages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/show-dimension-in-name
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/multiplayer-sleep
- https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat

Commit message:

added client side mods instructions and payload

README.md, after:

# MetalCraft
Files for the MetalCraft Pelican Egg Hardcore Minecraft server. A collection of data packs that give hardcore minecraft a bit more progression while still allowing for some revival mechanics

*Compatible with Vanilla Minecraft version 1.21.4*

To get the mini map with waypoints, screen recorder and local proximity voice chat install the client side mods

Client side mod instructions:
1) Download mod folder: client_side_mods.zip and extract the folder
2) Install vanilla Minecraft using the Minecraft launcher and launch it once. 
3) Install the fabric launcher:  Download and extract the client_side_mods.zip. Run the iris .jar file in the root directory. CLICK Iris + Fabric option and make sure to change your version to 1.21.4. Install it in the same location as your Minecraft launcher. It should default to the right place. 
4) Copy mods into the minecraft folder: Once the iris/fabric launcher is installed. Navigate to that .minecraft directory. You can find this by opening a file explorer and typing in %appdata% in the address bar and pressing enter. This is where minecraft is installed on windows. It will differ on mac/linux. 
Copy the contents of the extracted cleitn_side_mods zip into the root .minecraft folder  so that the folders merge. Mods into the mods folder shaderpacks into shaderpacks etc
5) Launch the fabric version of Minecraft through the minecraft launcher. Under multiplayer add server minecraft.gamernight.net


Contains the following Datapacks

World Gen
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hopo-better-mineshaft
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hopo-better-underwater-ruins
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/tidal-towns
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/explorify
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/vanilla-dungeons-6223921/
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/new-ruined-portals-remastered-structures-1-19-to-1-20-4-datapack/
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/enhanced-woods/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/seasons
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-bunkers
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/strayed-fates-forsaken
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/structory
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/improved-pillager-outpost
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/netherweather
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/blooming-biosphere
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/unwrecked-ships
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/vanilla-fireflies
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/cavernous
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-jungle-villages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-ocean-monument-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-japanese-villages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-desert-temple-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-jungle-temple-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/katters-structures
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-nether-fortress-overhaul
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-woodland-mansion-replacement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftyfied
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/wabi-sabi-structures
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons+
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-ancient-city-overhaul
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns-stronghold-overhaul
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hearths
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/better-end-cities-(vanilla)
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/structory-towers
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/scorched
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/vaults-of-abandon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/qraftys-mangrove-villages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mingen
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/minlog
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/pale-formations
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/moss-ruins
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/structurepack
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/fallen-fungus
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mangrove-tower
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/water-wells-updated
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/lodestone-update-backport
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/deadly-deadly-dungeon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/zombie-horsemen
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/villager-guards

Mechanic Changes
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-better-fire
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-metallurgy
- https://gm4.co/modules/vigere-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/animi-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/vecto-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/iacio-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/audere-shamir
- https://gm4.co/modules/fulcio-shamir
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/conures-graves
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-rope-ladders
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-enderman-support-class
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/loot-bags
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/hardcore-revive-plus
- https://wiki.aurelium.dev/auraskills
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-cozy-campfires
- https://gm4.co/modules/ink-spitting-squid
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/localizedfishingtables
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/waystones-data-pack
- https://gm4.co/modules/potion-swords


Combat
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/better-vanilla-mobs
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/blood-moon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mob-captains
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/shield-parry/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/spellbound-weapons
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/injured-effects
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/more-mobs
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gorify
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/revamped-shipwrecks
- https://gm4.co/modules/mysterious-midnights
- https://gm4.co/modules/midnight-menaces
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/ppgs-weapon-expansion
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/amethyst-expansion-dp
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/adrenaline-rush
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/repurposed-trims
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/lingering-arrows
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/enchantment-1-16/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/enchantable-mace

Movement
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/climbable-chains
- https://gm4.co/modules/ziprails
- https://gm4.co/modules/vertical-rails
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/horses-can-float

QOL
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/spawn-animations
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/blazeandcaves-advancements-pack
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gm4-desire-lines
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/smart-seeds
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dynamic-lights
- https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/custom-day-cycle-length/
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/vanilla-refresh
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/librarians-balance
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/timber-strike
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/stackable-stews
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/rarity-tooltips
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/leash-villager
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/silkiest-touch
- https://gm4.co/modules/guidebook
- https://gm4.co/modules/apple-trees
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/immersive-sound
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/mine-treasure
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/horse-trumpet
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/villager-transportation
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/potions-description
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/illumination

Recipe Changes
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/craftable-totem-of-undying
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/cheaper-maps
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/craftable-nether-star
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/just-atlas
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/saddle-crafting-backport
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/chain-armor-recipe
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/gp-copper
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/copper-shields
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/horse-armor-smithing
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/craft-horse-armor

Base Building
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/racks
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/magic-sorting-system-reworked-1.20
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/better-furnace
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/replantment/
- https://gm4.co/modules/enchantment-extractors
- https://gm4.co/modules/block-compressors
- https://gm4.co/modules/xp-storage
- https://gm4.co/modules/book-binders
- https://gm4.co/modules/phantom-scarecrows
- https://gm4.co/modules/forming-press
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/haul-data-pack

Server
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/tick-manager
- https://modrinth.com/plugin/chunky
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/pause-day-cycle
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/fokusapi

Social
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/totemdeathmessagesbon
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/detect-afk
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/afk-sleep
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/afk-dim-names
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/afk-message
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/dimension-messages
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/show-dimension-in-name
- https://modrinth.com/datapack/multiplayer-sleep
- https://modrinth.com/plugin/simple-voice-chat
